The Joe Rogan experience. That's the weird one, right?
When you like watch a movie and you're.
Like, ah, where the did that guy go? Like w.
Was the guy from the mummy? What the, his name? Brendan Frasier. Yes.
That guy guy was you. Well.
Brendan Frazier crashed my Saturday night live closing, you know,
at the end of the go good night, everybody. This has been great.
Thanks for watching. And everybody's there.
He showed up and was screaming the name of his movie that was opening that
weekend.
But dazzled, dazzled. No, I was like,
what the.
Happening? Who are you? Why are you Brendan Frazier? What are you doing here?
But dad's old. Whoa. Don't know to this day. Don't know what it was about.
Maybe that's what sunk them, but does all, maybe that's what did it could've.
Been that mentality? Like that's not a healthy mindset.
I think what happened probably is he,
they were going to work him into a sketch that got cut
to promote bedazzled, probably some studio, some back room smoke-filled room.
And then he was like, well, I'm going to go out there.
And he's probably a little drunk, many of y'all bedazzled anyway old.
But that guy was a giant movie star.
He was huge, massive, huge Matt and the mummy was mad.
Massive mass. I just watched it. I told you, um,
my me and my family watched Tommy boy. No, we went on a,
we were doing family movie night because of the quarantine we watched,
like almost every night we watched a new movie.
I watched all the Adam Sandler movies watch a load of Eddie Murphy movies.
We watched the mummy watch couple of the mummies and we watched Tommy boy.
How did, how did Tommy boys stand up in, holds up? Does it hold up?
Funny movie, Matt, funny moments. Awesome. God.
Chris. As far as it was good, bro was.
An and a great actor. My, my, uh,
among all my regrets about Chris's passing was where he
would have gone as a, as a, as a, as an actor,
because he was cute as spade spades. The same they're acting in that movie.
Forget the funny, which is great. But like,
they're like legitimate acting moments in that movie. Yes. And,
and I think that's why it, it, it has the staying power,
but Chris was really going to develop into a, into a real serious actor. A good,
a good one. I think it was such a powerhouse.
When he would go, look at, you.
Got this two idiots. I.
Like the, the part of the movie where we're spayed looks at me and goes, Hey,
Lee Harvey. Cause I do my hair does look like Lee Harvey, Oswald.
He was awesome, man. That's the cow tipping scene, which, um, I was, uh,
I pitched to the writers. They had never heard of it. And it made.
It into the movie who was your mom's slash girlfriend again? Oh,
Derek that's right.
Well, that was a great thing. Cause we, we, um, you know,
she Bo Derek and her husband, John famous,
John Derek was very protective of her and she hadn't worked in a long time
and um,
he made her cut all her hair off the day before she showed up on the set of
Tommy boy. So what we, we thought we were getting Bo Derek from,
from 10 with the hair and she showed up with hair. That's basically my,
my length now. Cause, cause John made her do it. Why did he make her do it?
I mean, you can do the math. I think he was like,
I want you to keep you up in standing Inez, riding horses with me.
I need you to be a movie star again. Oh.
But she was so lovely. She's the best. She's.
A really smart, um, really smart, um,
just great woman. And um, I mean, I got to kiss Bo Derek. I mean.
Yeah. I know I'm for people that don't know like what she was in 10. Oh my God.
But she was the original white girl with cornrows when it was okay.
You couldn't get canceled for that. But yeah.
She would have been that she would have been canceled in a heartbeat.
She was the original I'm Gigi Hadid.
How about that as a reference? Is that in my cool and young now I.
Missed it. I don't, I've heard that name before,
but it was her dad got sued because he built a house that's too big. No permits.
Yeah.
No, no. I know. Nope, absolutely no permits.
It's way too big. And the neighbors are worried. It's going to fall on them.
Yeah, exactly. It's still there. Oh yeah, of course.
I haven't even figured out what to do with it. You know, there's lawsuits.
Don't look at Bo back in the day. Woo. How about the one on the left?
Go to that one. Can't nips power. Google.
I'm going back. I'm going to go back and do a deeper dive on this.
She was hot as. Well, perfect bone structure, right?
Yeah, she was, she was amazing. And Tommy, you know, the thing about Farley was,
um.
He.
He and spade used to fight over me.
Like I was the girl probably because let's face it,
it kind of look like gold and certain lighting. Um, and uh, they'd be like,
I heard you in the jacuzzi with Rob last night. Yeah. Oh,
we didn't call me well and they would, they, they would like fight. It was,
it was very funny and sweet. One night I took, uh, I took the gang out to
barbarians steakhouse in Toronto. Great steak.
I don't know if they're still there.
Chris ordered two bone in two bone in state. Uh,
porterhouse steaks ate both of them,
but on top of each bite he put a cube of butter.
And when I looked at him like, what the.
Are you doing? He was like, it needs a hat.
So if you want to put a hat on your steak.
Some people just genuinely don't give a. No given. Yeah, obviously.
Yeah. He's a wild man. I met him once on the set of a news radio.
He's partying with Andy Dick. He showed up gray,
like wet cardboard. He looked gray and I'm like, Hey man. He's like,
it was just, he was gone. Oh, it was, it was sad. It was weird.
He had gray skin. And I remember thinking, Jesus Christ,
Chris Farley has gray skin. Like what's going on? Like he was sweaty and just,
just all up. Yeah.
He, he had major, major demons. Uh,
and a lot of us really worked, you know, were, were worked out for yeah.
But you know, it's some people can't, they can't make that leap, man. That is.
Who is the, I always wonder about guys like that. That are so powerful. Like,
is it the demons that made him so good? He was so good. So good.
He would go ape. I mean, he had the horsepower. He had,
it was so stunning.
Like when you have these scenes where he would just go crazy. It was so fun.
I would wonder like, what is, is that same thing?
What makes him, I mean, cause it was so real.
Is that what made him just go crazy with Coke and go crazy with everything else?
I think like normal.
People, like, I don't see a lot of normal people drawn. Well,
why would any normal person want to be in entertainment? Right. Right.
Why would they,
so I think just by default damaged people
or people with more, more,
more articulately people with a hole to fill are drawn to
entertainment to fill the hole and um,
yarns and some in some of the people who have other damage to rage, anger,
whatever it is. But without a question, the more normal someone is,
I know like, unfortunately the lesson, right?
You're find that though.
Like you're out of you have you're at dinner or whatever. And they're like,
I'm this. And they're like really, really nice and really, really decent.
And I'd go, I wish you were crazy and damaged like me. Cause then.
You really? And then we can have a fun conversation. Well, that's absolutely.
The case with comedians. Like my favorite people are all completely up.
Have you ever met it? Can you think a normal,
decent well-rounded unfucked up person? Who's hilarious.
No, I'll tell you real quick
right now.
Now the humor is a big part of humor is saying things that are radically
inappropriate. Okay.